this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing all right so we're going to
break down the anatomy of a 1 million
view Tik Tok video that we did so Neil
do you know what video this was no but
if I had a guess it would be around the
boats around Mr Beast correct that one
got about 200,000 views on Instagram and
then I threw it on our little markeing
school YouTube channel as a short and
that YouTube channel only has like 6,500
subscribers right now that got about 70
or 880,000 views or so which is the
biggest one by far for our Channel and
then when I threw it on our our
marketing School Tik Tok it got a
million views on it and so Neil and I
are going to break down why we think it
was successful we we both have our
theories here um so Neil do you want to
talk about that video first or you want
me to talk about it yes so the reason I
think it went viral is because it's just
an interesting topic that people wanted
to learn about people want to know what
you get from Dollar a thousand dollar
10,000 100,000 and he also had some cool
celebrities in his video we did in of
course but just breaking down what you
can get for a dollar versus a billion
dollars and how the bus look different
it's just an interesting viral topic and
funny enough Eric I believe you did add
me as a collaborator on Instagram and I
told him I don't want to collaborate on
it not because I don't want to
collaborate with Eric it was because I
knew whether that video got a million
views or a billion views or a hundred
views it's not going to drive any
Revenue the my ideal customer at NP
digital is an Enterprise company paying
us for marketing
I don't care for people to follow me
because we talk about boats and what's
the difference between a dollar boat
versus uh a billion dollar boat anytime
you end up
creating content that is applicable to
everyone out there it can do really well
and B the second part is anytime you can
break uh preconceived uh Notions that
people have about specific industry like
ah you need a billion dollars to buy a
boat well if you watch Mr BEAST's uh
episode you can figure out what you can
get for a dollar or what you can get for
10,000 or $100,000 right so it can also
break down people's ideas on uh what
they really need to spend to get
something versus reality yeah so I think
the reason that video got a million
views on Tik Tok was it was a perfect
storm of things so a it was a trending
topic B there was storytelling in there
and the pacing was really good too the
editing was good and I just liked the
fact that it's not so much that it was
because we were in person it's more so
when Neil and I are live we're feeding
off of each other's energy and break
down these stories and it's the stories
that ultimately help a lot of things
become more successful because people
like listening to stories also timing
you know is not just it wasn't just a
trend it was we hit it right when it was
starting to blow up on YouTube as well
so it's not just going after a trend you
need to go after a trend right when it's
starting to hit versus going after a
trend when it's too late yeah you know
had we released that a week week or two
later it probably wouldn't have done as
well yep I I agree with that I don't
think it would have done well at all if
it was like two weeks later it's just
like the people that are following those
memes on Tik Tok or Instagram if you're
one of the early ones your video does
well but if you follow them a month or
two later people like oh this is played
out we've already seen it so anyway Food
For Thought for everyone that is it for
today please don't forget to rate R you
subscribe five stars please and we'll
see you tomorrow now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer and help you out if you enjoy
the video like it share tell people
about it thank you very much